what's going on YouTube this is a big
cheeto checking in big Tito 111 used to
be big Tito one had to take down my
channel now I'm back on YouTube but like
I said my new channel was big Tito 111
rate comment subscribe basically today
I'm just doing the unboxing as you can
see you know I had the mumble monster 8
scale brushless system right here when I
first got my Rustler it wasn't even the
VXL so as you can see I got the
valencian system here the mumble monster
8 scale extreme system here you know I
ran this Mamba inside the ear Evo
Rustler you know them to application
like I said that I want to upgraded my
Rustler and then I took it out of my
Rustler put it inside my uh my wife
stampy but that's not why we here today
today we're here for a new upgrade that
I just got about to introduce to
everybody basically do an unboxing here
it is right here ladies and gentlemen
the big boy the final word when it comes
to es si s I'm talking eight cell lipo
capable 34 volt max 5 amp vs VEC it's
basically the Mamba XL 2 speed control 1
v 1 v scale alright so let's open this
up I actually open this little piece
here since I'm doing this by myself
shout out shout out kick love 27
that's my Duke all right so we got a
drivers guy drivers a guy seemed like
castle always get you one of these
booklets ok let's see what else we got
looks like we got some mamba stickers
okay seems stand it that's it talking
about the castle link alright see what
else we got here Quick Start Guide Mamba
exhale
all right now let's get into the real
yes here ladies and gentlemen this is it
ladies and gentlemen one-fifth scale
Mamba XL - I'm telling you guys you
can't you can't see this probably on
camera but this thing is absolutely huge
I'm talking absolutely huge this thing
here
I mean look look look look at the
capacitors on this thing I mean it's
crazy people eight gauge wire on this
thing
is this a bad boy having Randy yet but
just holding this thing in your hand
Emmys is crazy it is absolutely crazy I
mean like I said this is me coming from
you know me somebody coming from Abilene
en system somebody from a 1/8 scale
brushless system and this this is
next-level people this is definitely
next level but like I said I was just
doing the unboxing I'm gonna be throw
this in my ear Evo as you guys may know
I'm already doing a project project
fastest areevo so imma throw this thing
up and get some running videos let y'all
know how this thing move alright thanks
a lot for watching y'all have a good one